Release 20200902 (#740)
publiccodenet/about: activities/workshops/mapping-business-models/index.md

---
type: Index
---

# Mapping business models around a codebase

## Goal

Have a collaborative working session with new or existing community members to map out potential different business models that can be created around a given codebase.

## Considerations

This can be a difficult and sensitive subject.
For public organizations and market parties involved, this co-creative process can be a new way of working.

> For market parties, this workshop may mean working toghether with and along side (perceived) competitors.

Author: ```suggestion
For market parties, this workshop may mean working together with and alongside (perceived) competitors.
```

> For municipalities, this workshop may mean working through a natural level of distrust or distance vis a vis market parties.

Author: ```suggestion
For municipalities, this workshop may mean working through a natural level of distrust or distance vis-à-vis market parties.
```
